Lindsay Short: Well, hello, hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you today.
Lindsay Short: Okay, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's everything been going for you.
Lindsay Short: Um, it's been a pretty rough week
Lindsay Short: I don't know if it's just moodiness from
Lindsay Short: Detox media moodiness and whatnot, not like I'm having any physical symptoms, but it's just been like feels so depressed last few days.
Lindsay Short: And then
Lindsay Short: Just stupid stuff at work.
Lindsay Short: That's been contributing to
To it. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With a doctor that you work for.
Lindsay Short: No patient died and
Lindsay Short: I may have played a role.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For some reason, I don't think so.
Lindsay Short: No, I'm pretty sure
Lindsay Short: Like it's my responsibility to keep people alive after surgery and
Lindsay Short: He died of something that could have been prevented by
Lindsay Short: Starting a blood thinner sooner than we did and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you processing that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a horrible place to be. And especially with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know if fear still detoxing and going through, you know, the emotional rollercoaster.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, which is a part of the detox part of it, you know.
Yeah.
Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When was your last. When was your last us
Lindsay Short: Over here, heroin.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Meth yeah
Lindsay Short: This morning, okay.
Lindsay Short: I can't
Lindsay Short: Function stop.
Lindsay Short: Taking it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Lindsay Short: I don't know.
Lindsay Short: I mean I've cut down and I'm already like all I want to do is sleep and eat. Yeah. You know, like we talked about last time I have to
Lindsay Short: Figure out some leave of absence, which is basically going to get me fired from my job. I think
Lindsay Short: I don't know what to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So are you down to just using like once a day or in a
Lindsay Short: Little like capsules.
Lindsay Short: Take it as a pill and just take one in the morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And as a getting less and less the amount you're putting in the capsule or you stay in at a certain level.
Lindsay Short: No, I just feel a bunch of like at a time, about the same.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how long has it been since you used heroin.
Lindsay Short: Since I started here when I was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In a few weeks.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, it takes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About it can take up to about a year for your, your emotions mental state for everything to find its normal again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to remember. I know, I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The after withdrawal, there's something that's called post acute withdrawal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and that's all that roller coaster emotional roller coaster stuff and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, if you could just when you feel yourself, you know, going down and feeling down understand that that's what you're experiencing, you know, that's a part of it all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just not just, you know, while in us. And of course, you know, still having that on the plate kind of pop
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Probably offsets it a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, not 100% but a little bit
Yes.
Lindsay Short: I don't know if I can do it or not. The point is, right now it feels like
Lindsay Short: Forget why even started this
Lindsay Short: Is doing much better on
Lindsay Short: Heroin and everything just shooting up all day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know what we talked about. I mean, I remember you telling me the reasons you know and why you chose to do this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you have your boyfriend right for stuff that doesn't know your family. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And those were the reasons, your job, you know, if you
Lindsay Short: Lose all those anyways, just from being so
Lindsay Short: Depressed and miserable, especially if it goes on for a year.
Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't the way you're feeling right now doesn't go on for a year, but you have, you get to this normal and then you have this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then you're like, Hey, what's going on, you know, why am I feeling this way if things have been going great for, you know, for so long, but you have to realize that in the first year of recovery, you know, is the toughest
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The toughest it gets better. It gets better every day, but you still have those. You know those times.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's not about how you feel right now because there's a lot more than just your you know what you're experiencing and being off heroin.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got stress from work. You've got stress from you know what happened. You've got all these other issues that are playing a factor to, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can do this.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's worth it in the end. It really is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That I do know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're worth it.
That's not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a partner and you have a family that loves you and I know they certainly feel like you're worth it.
Lindsay Short: Even though you don't if they knew what I was doing.
Lindsay Short: They knew the truth. They wouldn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be somebody there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not pointless. It really, I know it feels that way right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it's not it's not pointless.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And tomorrow. Hopefully you'll feel a different way later tonight. Hopefully your feelings will change.
Lindsay Short: You know, like this, like straight through since Saturday, and I can't break it, like, all day at work. I haven't had a moment of relief and I don't
Lindsay Short: Know what fits just chemical or what
Lindsay Short: feel shitty is
Lindsay Short: The only reason I haven't
Lindsay Short: Got more heroin is just because my goes up in Orange County and then
Lindsay Short: I figured it wouldn't work right away. Anyways, with Spock's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that you won't feel the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The physical effects.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See idea right is to block those receptors.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that even if you were to to use that you wouldn't get the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The, the euphoria that you you know that you're looking for.
Right, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's just about figuring out what is, what are you willing to do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are you able to do and what are you willing to do you know
Lindsay Short: And knowing idea what I'm either
Lindsay Short: Just living like kind of moment to moment right now.
Lindsay Short: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sometimes you have to
Lindsay Short: Just like being around my boyfriend. You know, I have to just tell him I'm having like
Lindsay Short: My
Lindsay Short: Depression like has been more or less gone for
Lindsay Short: I mean hasn't reemerged to any significant degree for many years.
Lindsay Short: Telling him.
Lindsay Short: That that's what has been going on the last few days because I came in. I did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or you want to. Can I asked her, you want to pursue medication.
Know,
Lindsay Short: I've been on everything under the sun. At one point, but not anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, and what doctor do you work with with us.
Lindsay Short: Over for a neurosurgeon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know it bright heart.
Lindsay Short: What Dr. D word. Oh, Dr Hawke
Lindsay Short: Oh. PACHTER factor. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you mind if I email him and and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just give them a little info you know that you're struggling with your depression right now, and maybe
Lindsay Short: Even
Lindsay Short: I don't want to go on any more medication. I've tried everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He might have different ideas on what and how you can that could help you know he's a doctor. So you might have it and he's really into alternatives to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Lindsay Short: Yeah, you can email them. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm gonna definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what is your boyfriend say about it.
Lindsay Short: Just kind of like freaked out.
Lindsay Short: He doesn't really know what to say. He's never
Lindsay Short: Been around anyone that's been like depressed to any you know me crying like again.
Lindsay Short: And
Lindsay Short: I'm able to control it for most of the day, but
Lindsay Short: Like Saturday morning I woke up and it was just like
Lindsay Short: Pure just like devastation. I don't even know where it came from. That was before I found out the patient, I
Lindsay Short: Couldn't even blame it on that.
Lindsay Short: But it certainly hasn't helped
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. I can see how it wouldn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Yeah.
Are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are you doing for for self care for you.
Lindsay Short: Know I'm working a lot. I don't really have time for.
Lindsay Short: Trying to get plenty of sleep.
Lindsay Short: This week I haven't done anything
Lindsay Short: To care for my
Lindsay Short: Have any
Lindsay Short: Desire to do anything when I'm
Lindsay Short: angry at myself for this.
Lindsay Short: That's up at work and
Lindsay Short: Just in general.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, what I know is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It has, you know, at some point, it has to, it has to be there. You got to take care of yourself. You know, you're working on sleep that's self care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about food. What are you eating.
Lindsay Short: I'm eating crappy all week.
Lindsay Short: You have to care for yourself to care for yourself, you know,
Lindsay Short: Like I'm sleeping to avoid as much as I can because I hate being awake. It's not like
Lindsay Short: If anything would help. I would do it.
Lindsay Short: I know I'm being extremely negative, it's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't see anything go right
Lindsay Short: Right now.
It's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean you are, where you are and that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's okay, just where you're at right now, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about so you're okay water drinking water.
Lindsay Short: Yeah now and again
Lindsay Short: I generally eat pretty healthy and try and drink water and stuff. I just
Lindsay Short: Haven't thought about it too much lately.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your minds in other places. It's not on that part of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that part of your stuff. I get it. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Day take dad's
Know,
Lindsay Short: What I need is to get exercise, exercise, but I haven't like
Lindsay Short: Since this coven thing and stuff. I haven't found. I mean, I've tried like different things and
Lindsay Short: So I just get on a treadmill and run, but I can't. It's not the same running on the streets for Saturday. That's a lot harder.
And
Lindsay Short: Try to yoga and meditation and all that's been out the window.
Lindsay Short: This week also
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Music
Lindsay Short: Um, yeah. In general, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not the nothing that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That helps lift your mood at all.
Lindsay Short: All right now. Like, I just want to go to sleep, to be honest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Lindsay Short: In general, music is helpful, but it's just I need to get through this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it started before before you found out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: clinical depression is really an imbalance. Right. It's a chemical imbalance.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so trying to find it and figure out the best way to to treat it in a, in a manner that you don't have to go on meds. You know what I mean.
Lindsay Short: It's not like I'm thinking against mess. It's just that I've been on every end of depressing every mood stabilizer every anti psychotic medication like in the book and nothing has helped
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nothing's worked at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you are you reading. Are you doing any kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Reading
Lindsay Short: No, I'm having a hard time concentrating in general. Yeah.
Lindsay Short: It's hard to stay focused on a TV show or like even anything
As well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about listening to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: podcasts or TED talks.
Lindsay Short: In general, I like to. I mean, I do want to and from work, but that's about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any particular one that you like to
Lindsay Short: Know, just recently got into them. So I've been
Lindsay Short: Looking at all different seeing what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are some of your interest when you go and you really you look them up. What do you look up what kind of podcast, you look up
Lindsay Short: Um,
Lindsay Short: I look like
Lindsay Short: A lot of the self help ones is TED Talks. I like to listen to
Lindsay Short: I listen to just like
Lindsay Short: Science
Lindsay Short: Different things
Lindsay Short: Communication and relationships and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What kind of self help. What, what kind of self help ones. Do you like to listen to
Lindsay Short: Everything from like
Lindsay Short: Meditation base.
Lindsay Short: Mindfulness
Lindsay Short: Kind of wants to
Lindsay Short: Just dealing with anxiety and depression.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do the help when you listen to them.
Lindsay Short: And not yet. I mean, I don't know. Like, literally, I've only gotten into them.
Lindsay Short: Probably in the last few weeks. I've never listened to them before that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There is, I know that you can go in there and look up power of positivity.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because they give you different ways to help change your mindset. And you know what I mean, and try to gear it towards
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The positive aspect of things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it takes a while. It takes some repetitiveness, you know, before it starts
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pretty much at all, does, but the more that you do it. It's like the more that you continue to do it and the more you're feeding your brain. You know, these types of things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's hard not to when you're in this kind of state of mind to revert back to a weight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was listening to this, I remember that sentence that he said, or I remember that. You know what he talked about, or she talked about about this, this type of stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And kind of bring your mind back to you know what you heard what you learned
Lindsay Short: You know, huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you been trying to be to practice mindfulness
Lindsay Short: Yeah, I mean, to the point where it's like just the bare like woody
Lindsay Short: Looking at things around me. What do I see and hear and feel in the moment, just
Lindsay Short: To get out of my head, but
Lindsay Short: It doesn't really
Lindsay Short: Do much beyond five minutes. No able to focus on it. Right.
Lindsay Short: I'm just talking about right now. Right now it's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely more tough now than what it, what it was a few days ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Absolutely, yeah.
Lindsay Short: Few days ago I would entertain the thought of listening to something on
Lindsay Short: Power of Positive Thinking right now. I don't even want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think about it.
Lindsay Short: It's just stupid.
Lindsay Short: It seems impossible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It might feel impossible, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's doable. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's definitely doable. You know, I know, you know, Lindsay, you probably you don't like to feel this way. Right.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you able to take walks or get out in the sun, a little bit.
Lindsay Short: Yeah, done that a few times this week and
Lindsay Short: Helps
Lindsay Short: This week, coming up. I'm going to be on call, which means I'm be working like 24 seven
Lindsay Short: And it could be good or it could be bad. I don't know.
Lindsay Short: Yeah, that
Lindsay Short: makes me nervous though just going into a state of mind and yeah
Lindsay Short: Especially after what just happened.
Lindsay Short: When I did or didn't do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me email doctor. The doctor really fast and get that going. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that he's aware
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It, are you, um, we've refresh my memory. Are you seeing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A psychiatrist at all.
Lindsay Short: No, just him.
Okay.
Lindsay Short: What kind of doctor he is
Lindsay Short: Know one out of breath outside of her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Well, the reason why I asked is, because I think we have a psychiatrist that I can refer you to to be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that everything that we talked about so far.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just feels pointless and it's not something that you want to do. Can you tell me something that you may be willing to do
Lindsay Short: I'm taking walks and listening to podcasts. I mean, I've been doing those things to some extent.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And are you engaged in any kind of any kind of support system support group.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you have any high points this week.
Lindsay Short: That I can think of.
Lindsay Short: Got exposed to coven. That was fun.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that was a high point
Lindsay Short: No, no, it's just been one thing or another. It's been like
Lindsay Short: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I just sent him a message, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Asking if there. We had a psychiatrist that we could get you in to see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To help with your depression.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm pretty sure we have some. We have a couple, but I work with Dr partner and other doctors, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The substance abuse part of a treatment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so I know that I've referred people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to, to see a psychiatrist when things were unmanageable so
Lindsay Short: Do you mind if we could today's sessions or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, or don't. Sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I want you to to be okay. Are you in a safe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will you be safe. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do I have to like put a clock on my phone and call you every
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: every half hour and make sure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Didn't go to sleep. Okay. Okay. I'm going to again. Wait for his
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Response back and I will actually care navigators to contact you at some point and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get you an appointment with the psychiatry is OK.
Lindsay Short: All right. Thank you.
Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm here. You know that that if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you want to talk if you, you know, you just don't want to be there by yourself, you can call the virtual clinic and they'll get me back into zoom right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, why you didn't know you're not alone. And you're not doing this alone think it's important that you know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so get some rest and I will talk to you soon. Okay. Okay.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lindsay's high risk for sure.